Add docs best effort responses (#3865)
dfinity/portal: docs/developer-docs/backend/rust/intercanister.mdx

```rust
#[update]
pub async fn call_increment(counter: Principal) -> Result<(), String> {
    match Call::unbounded_wait(counter, "increment")
        .await {
        // The counter canister successfully responded. Here, it means that our call was successful.
        // A more complicated target than the counter (e.g., a ledger) could also return
        // "user-level" errors that you should handle.
        Ok(_) => Ok(()),
        // A non-clean reject for unbounded-wait calls only occurs if the callee is malfunctioning
        // in some way (including panics). On our simple counter example that we deploy locally, this
        // should not happen.
        Err(e) if !e.is_clean_reject() =>
            Err(format!("Should not happen: the call failed with a non-clean reject: {:?}. We don't know whether the counter increased", e)),
        // Clean errors mean that the call did not execute, and the caller did not change its state.
        Err(e) => {
            Err(format!("The call failed with error {:?}. The counter wasn't increased", e))
        }
    }
}
```

> A clean reject of the increment call means that the counter hasn't changed. In general, a clean reject of a call that changes the caller's state means that the state hasn't changed. With a non-clean reject we may not know what happened on the caller side, and a thorough analysis may be needed. The only cause of non-clean rejects for unbounded calls are panics and rejects on the callee side. These may be intentional rejects, or intentional panics on error conditions (such as the examples with the `expect` functions we used earlier). But they may also be just plain bugs in the callee, or the Wasm runtime may trap (the Wasm equivalent of panics) because the callee ran out of resources, such as available memory or cycles to perform some operations. In default local configurations, you don't have to worry about such resources, and things will always just work if you try them out; first, redeploy the canister to compile the added code, and then observe the effect of `call_increment`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A clean reject of the increment call means that the counter hasn't changed. In general, a clean reject of a call that changes the callee's state means that the state hasn't changed. With a non-clean reject we may not know what happened on the callee side, and a thorough analysis may be needed. The only cause of non-clean rejects for unbounded calls are panics and rejects on the callee side. These may be intentional rejects, or intentional panics on error conditions (such as the examples with the `expect` functions we used earlier). But they may also be just plain bugs in the callee, or the Wasm runtime may trap (the Wasm equivalent of panics) because the callee ran out of resources, such as available memory or cycles to perform some operations. In default local configurations, you don't have to worry about such resources, and things will always just work if you try them out; first, redeploy the canister to compile the added code, and then observe the effect of `call_increment`:
```

# Inter-canister calls

<MarkdownChipRow labels={["Beginner", "Rust"]} />

Just like users can call canisters, canisters can also call other canisters. This tutorial provides an introduction to using these inter-canister calls in Rust.

We will show how to call the [counter canister](/docs/current/developer-docs/backend/rust/counter), which provides just four operations on a counter: getting the counter value, incrementing the counter, setting the counter to an arbitrary value, and setting the counter to an arbitrary value while returning the previous value.

## Prerequisites

> We assume that you have the Internet Computer [developer tools](/docs/current/developer-docs/getting-started/install) developer tools installed. To follow along, clone the [Git repository](https://github.com/oggy-dfin/icc_rust_docs) of this tutorial. You can find the completed code in the `caller` package. Check out the Git repository of the tutorial. Then, in the tutorial directory, start a local IC instance in the background and install the counter canister.

Author: I fixed this in some iteration

Let's see how one can do error handling in the case of the `set` method. We will take advantage of the fact that the `set` method is *idempotent*. That is, executing it twice has the same effect as executing it just once. Making public endpoints idempotent is a [best practice](/docs/current/developer-docs/smart-contracts/best-practices/idempotency). It enables better error recovery for ingress calls (i.e., outside users and applications interacting with your application over HTTP) to your canister, but also enables other canisters to handle call errors when calling your canister using bounded-wait calls.

Edit `src/caller/src/lib.rs` to add the following method:

```rust reference
https://github.com/oggy-dfin/icc_rust_docs/blob/master/src/caller/src/lib.rs#L150-L236
```

Now, let's try it out. Redeploy the canister:

```bash
$ dfx deploy caller
```

and then call the new endpoint with the value 42.

```bash
$ dfx canister call caller stubborn_set '(42)'
```

> Now let's can check whether the counter canister actually set its value correctly by calling it directly.

Author: Outdated now

For a real-life example of how to handle errors when calling canisters, see the [ICRC-1 examples](/docs/current/developer-docs/defi/tokens/ledger/usage/icrc1_ledger_usage#interacting-with-an-icrc-1-ledger-from-another-canister-inter-canister-calls-via-ic-cdk)

<!--

### Basic ICP ledger transfer: unbounded wait calls

The simplest way to interact with the ICP ledger is to use calls where the caller is willing to wait for the response for an unbounded amount of time. These calls can still fail before reaching the ledger, or even while the ledger is processing the call. but the ledger's response is guaranteed do be delivered to the caller, which is why we also refer to these calls as *guaranteed response*  calls.

```rust reference
https://github.com/oggy-dfin/icc_rust_docs/blob/7c3a0195c7a78eff8813d80d18b8575535a05c3b/src/icc_rust_docs_backend/src/lib.rs#L14-L81
```

> The guaranteed response delivery property ensures that the only causes of `StateUnknown` error are due to canister behavior (mismatched expectations on the return types, or the callee panicking). However, there is also a downside to unbounded wait calls: since safely upgrading a canister can only be done when the canister has no pending calls, and since unbounded wait calls provide no bound on when the call will return, the caller may be prevented from upgrading safely. This can in particular be problematic when calling untrusted canisters, such as an arbitrary ledger.

Author: We've now rewritten this completely

<MarkdownChipRow labels={["Beginner", "Rust", "Tutorial"]} />

Just like users can call canisters, canisters can also call other canisters. This tutorial provides an introduction to using these inter-canister calls in Rust.

We will show how to call the [counter canister](/docs/current/developer-docs/backend/rust/counter), which provides just four operations on a counter: getting the counter value, incrementing the counter, setting the counter to an arbitrary value, and setting the counter to an arbitrary value while returning the previous value.

## Prerequisites

We assume that you have the Internet Computer [developer tools](/docs/current/developer-docs/getting-started/install) installed. To follow along, clone the [Git repository](https://github.com/oggy-dfin/icc_rust_docs) of this tutorial. You can find the completed code in the `caller` package. Check out the Git repository of the tutorial. Then, in the tutorial directory, start a local IC instance in the background and install the counter canister.

```bash
$ dfx start --background
$ dfx deploy counter
```

## Basic example: getting and setting the counter value

> For the first example, we'll build a `call_get_and_set` method on the caller canister, which just invokes the `get_and_set` method on the counter project and forwards the result. This method sets the counter to the new value, and returns the previous counter value. The finished code for the project is already available in `src/caller`. You can clear the contents of `src/caller/src/lib.rs`, and paste the following code. The explanation is in the comments.

Author: I understand the general intent, but I don't see why we'd need to enforce this blindly. Clearly here it's "our" as "yours, the learner's, and mine, the teacher's", and not as "DFINITY's and definitely not yours". So I'd push back because I don't see the point of why we'd hurt readability, though it's certainly not a hill I'll die on.

> For the first example, we'll build a `call_get_and_set` method on the caller canister, which just invokes the `get_and_set` method on the counter project and forwards the result. This method sets the counter to the new value, and returns the previous counter value. The finished code for the project is already available in `src/caller`. You can clear the contents of `src/caller/src/lib.rs`, and paste the following code. The explanation is in the comments.

Reviewer 2: From my understanding, this word choice was enforced due to legal concerns, so I'd like to adhere to it.

> ```rust

Author: If I referenced this through a submodule, the reviewers still wouldn't get to see the diff of the changes in the example, right?

> ```rust

Reviewer 2: No, but they would have a corresponding Example repo PR to reference that showed just those changes.

    // calling, and the method name that you're calling. Here, we require our own caller to provide
    // the principal of the counter canister as an argument to our function.
    // When making a call, you must choose between bounded and unbounded wait calls. These call
    // types have different failure modes that we will explain later.
    let old = Call::unbounded_wait(counter, "get_and_set")
        // `Call` follows the builder pattern; we can customize call options before we finalize
        // the call by issuing the `call()` method. Here, we provide an argument of type that
        // get_and_set expects, a Nat (non-negative integer). The Rust CDK serializes the argument
        // for us using the Candid format, so we just need to provide the Rust value.
        .with_arg(&new_value)
        // Use async/await syntax to obtain the call result. Note that the call is only issued once
        // you await it!
        .await
        // Calls can *always* fail. In this first example it's actually OK to just panic on error,
        // but as we will explain later, panicking here is almost always a bad idea.
        .expect("Failed to get the old value. Bail out")

>         // We need to deserialize the Candid-encoded response, and we need to provide a type

Author: Changed this in the latest version.

        // argument. Here, we use the turbofish syntax to specify that we expect a Candid Nat
        // (i.e., a non-negative integer) as the response.
        .candid::<Nat>()
        .expect("Candid decoding failed");
    old
}
```

Now, deploy this code to the local IC instance. This will give you some warnings about unused imports, but we will use these later in the tutorial.

```bash
$ dfx deploy caller
```

Let's test it out. Call it like this:

```bash
$ dfx canister call caller call_get_and_set
```

> Now, `dfx` will use the `dfx.json` file provided in this tutorial's repository to search what parameters the different endpoints of the `caller` canister require. The `dfx.json` points to the `src/caller/caller.did` file, which finally describes the parameters of `call_get_and_set`. With this, `dfx` will first prompt you to provide a principal for the `counter` parameter of the `call_get_and_set` method. If you followed the instructions in the prerequisites section correctly and have already installed the `counter` canister, you can type `counter` and press `TAB` on your keyboard to pass the principal of the counter canister as the parameter, and then `Enter` to confirm. Also select some number to set the counter to, say `42`. Instruct `dfx` to send the message. Then, you will see an output such as:

Author: I was referring to the change from tutorial -> example in the suggestion, sorry, I missed that you deleted some text - the deletion is fine.

        },
    };

    // We use bounded-wait calls in this example, since the amount attached is
    // fairly low, and losing the attached cycles isn't catastrophic.
    match Call::bounded_wait(Principal::management_canister(), "sign_with_ecdsa")
        .with_arg(&request)
        // Signing with a test key requires 10 billion cycles
        .with_cycles(10_000_000_000)
        .await
    {
        Ok(resp) => match resp.candid::<SignWithEcdsaResponse>() {
            Ok(signature) => Ok(hex::encode(signature.signature)),
            Err(e) => Err(format!("Error decoding response: {:?}", e)),
        },
        // A SysUnknown reject code only occurs due to a bounded-wait call timing out.
        // It means that we won't get any cycles refunded, even
        // if the call didn't make it to the callee. But we don't care here since
        // we only attached a small amount of cycles.
        Err(e) if e.reject_code() == RejectCode::SysUnknown => Err(format!(
            "Got a SysUnknown error while signing message: {:?}; cycles are not refunded",
            err
        )),
        Err(e) => Err(format!("Error signing message: {:?}", e)),
    }
}
```

> Cycles can be attached to both bounded and unbounded wait messages. For unbounded wait messages, cycles that are not consumed by the callee are guaranteed to be refunded to the caller. As the example notes, refunds do not happen for bounded-wait calls that result in an error with the `SysUnknown` reject code, which is the code issued when the system decides to stop waiting for a response. However, this is usually acceptable for API calls that charge for cycles, since the amount charged is usually low (10 billion cycles for signatures with the test key). For transferring larger amounts of cycles, switch to using unbounded wait calls. See the section on [inter-canister calls](/docs/current/developer-docs/smart-contracts/advanced-features/async-code) for more details.

Author: I accepted this suggestion but don't know why it's still open

:::info

> Summary: you can transfer cycles to the callee by attaching them to a (bounded- or unbounded-wait) call. Bounded-wait calls may drop the attached cycles, so avoid using them for large cycle amounts.

Author: I also accepted this suggestion but don't know why it's still open

<MarkdownChipRow labels={["Beginner", "Rust", "Tutorial"]} />

> Just like users can call canisters, canisters can also call other canisters. This document shows how to use these inter-canister calls in Rust. To fully understand calls, their properties, and common pitfalls and security issues, refer to the section on [inter-canister calls](/docs/current/developer-docs/smart-contracts/advanced-features/async-code).

Author: Use "security considerations"; remove the double "and"

> Just like users can call canisters, canisters can also call other canisters. This document shows how to use these inter-canister calls in Rust. To fully understand calls, their properties, and common pitfalls and security issues, refer to the section on [inter-canister calls](/docs/current/developer-docs/smart-contracts/advanced-features/async-code).

Author: Changed in the meantime

Our examples will center around tokens. We will write a simple wallet canister that holds tokens on behalf of its owner, and allows the owner to transfer tokens. We'll first show an example of interacting with the ICP ledger, and then also any ledger that supports the ICRC-1 standard. Finally, we will allow the wallet to determine the exchange rate between supported tokens using the exchange rate canister.

> ## Dependencies and imports

Author: Let's try to fold them by default if possible, if not, we can push them to the end of the doc and link from the beginning.

> ## Dependencies and imports

Author: There are fewer of them now that we have another example and hopefully OK for a tutorial (since the users are follow to copy paste and get working code)

We start by listing the dependencies used in this example as specified in `Cargo.toml`.

```rust reference
https://github.com/oggy-dfin/icc_rust_docs/blob/34f59ddae9fcc70173fc21927a4279757f93c51a/src/icc_rust_docs_backend/Cargo.toml#L11-L16
```

Next, here are the imports used:

```rust reference
https://github.com/oggy-dfin/icc_rust_docs/blob/34f59ddae9fcc70173fc21927a4279757f93c51a/src/icc_rust_docs_backend/src/lib.rs#L1-L8
```

Furthermore, for simplicity we'll hardcode the owner of the wallet. If you want to test this example interactively, you can set it to your own principal that you can obtain using `dfx identity get-principal`.

```rust reference
https://github.com/oggy-dfin/icc_rust_docs/blob/34f59ddae9fcc70173fc21927a4279757f93c51a/src/icc_rust_docs_backend/src/lib.rs#L10-L11
```

## Basic ICP ledger transfer: unbounded wait calls

> The simplest way to interact with the ICP ledger is to use calls where the caller is willing to wait for the response for an unbounded amount of time. These calls can still fail before reaching the ledger, or even while the ledger is processing the call. but the ledger's response is guaranteed do be delivered to the caller, which is why we also refer to these calls as *guaranteed response*  calls.

Author: We removed this section

```

The guaranteed response delivery property ensures that the only causes of `StateUnknown` error are due to canister behavior (mismatched expectations on the return types, or the caller panicking). However, there is also a downside to unbounded wait calls: since safely upgrading a canister can only be done when the canister has no pending calls, and since unbounded wait calls provide no bound on when the call will return, the caller may be prevented from upgrading safely. This can in particular be problematic when calling untrusted canisters, such as an arbitrary ledger.

We will next show how to use *bounded wait* calls instead in such cases. These calls don't guarantee that the response will be delivered, which is why we also refer to the as *best-effort response calls*, but in return don't block the caller from upgrading, and they also tolerate high system load better than unbounded wait calls. See the section on [inter-canister calls](/docs/current/developer-docs/smart-contracts/advanced-features/async-code) for more information on best-effort vs. guaranteed response calls.

## ICRC-1 transfers: bounded wait calls

> We will now allow our wallet to transfer tokens on an arbitrary ICRC-1 ledger instead of just the ICP ledger. Since we in general can't trust an arbitrary ICRC-1 ledger, and we want to ensure that our canister can always be upgraded, we will use bounded wait calls.

Reviewer 3: I think an untrusted ledger may not be a very good example. If I store my tokens in a ledger I have to trust it. 

One option could be that we imagine a wallet app where users can register ledgers, meaning that -- while the users registering them might be perfectly fine with trusting the ledgers -- the app itself might not be. But this might already be too complex of an example.

Author: We changed this example completely

Ledgers generally charge fees for transfers. While this fee is fixed for the ICP ledger, it may vary for other ledgers. Thus, we start with an example of how to determine the required fee.

### Learning the transfer fee

Querying the transfer fee does not change the ledger state. Thus, it's simple to retry in case that it fails, and the code below implements basic retries.

```rust reference
https://github.com/oggy-dfin/icc_rust_docs/blob/34f59ddae9fcc70173fc21927a4279757f93c51a/src/icc_rust_docs_backend/src/lib.rs#L83-L134
```

As noted in the example, the code after the first call executes in a different callback. See the sections on [inter-canister calls and async code](/docs/current/developer-docs/smart-contracts/advanced-features/async-code), [properties of call execution](/docs/current/developer-docs/security/security-best-practices/inter-canister-calls) and [security best practices](docs/current/developer-docs/security/security-best-practices/inter-canister-calls) to understand potential security implications for your application when using inter-canister calls.

### Transferring tokens

> When transferring tokens (or performing other updates) using bounded wait messages, we need to handle the unknown state case. For ICRC-1 transfers, we can make use of the built-in deduplication feature of ICRC-1 ledgers and retry the call.

Reviewer 3: Should we maybe link to an explanation of the semantics of this deduplication? Or should we maybe briefly explain it here?

Author: This is now moved to the ICRC-1 page and the deduplication semantics are linked to there
